feat(dashboardsv2): revisions with more screenshots (#3200)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/dashboards/custom-dashboards/index.mdx

---
title: Custom Dashboards
sidebar_order:
description: "Learn how to edit or create additional dashboards to suit your organization's needs."
---

<Note>

This feature is available only if your organization is on either a Business or Trial plan.

</Note>

> Custom Dashboards are shared with users across your organization. Once you enable this functionality, users will be able to view each other’s custom dashboards from the dropdown menu in the top right. Note any changes you make in the starting [Default View](/product/dashboards/) will be global, and will appear for users across the entire organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Dashboards are shared with users across your organization. Once you enable this functionality, users will be able to view each other’s custom dashboards by selecting them from the dropdown menu in the top right. Note any changes you make in the [Default View](/product/dashboards/) will be global, and will appear for users across the entire organization.
```

![Dashboard navigation.](dashboard_cropped.png)

> Both "Create Dashboard" and "Edit Dashboard" will take you to Edit Mode which will lightly gray out the widgets and present you with several widget and dashboard actions you can take.

Reviewer: This is a tiny bit misleading since a new dashboard won't show you grayed out widgets. Reworded.

```suggestion
Clicking either "Create Dashboard" or "Edit Dashboard" will take you into edit mode, which allows to edit at both the dashboard and widget level. When you edit an existing dashboard, you can tell that you're in edit mode because the widgets are lightly grayed out.
```

Author: Changed

![Edit mode.](dashboard_edit.png)

### Dashboard Actions

- Cancel - This will undo everything done to this dashboard and any corresponding widgets.
- Delete - The delete button will delete the entire dashboard.
- Save and Finish - This will save and finish any changes you’ve made.
- Rename - Change the name of this dashboard by clicking on the name or pencil.

### Widget Actions

- Move a widget - Relocate a widget by dragging the 6-dotted icon
- Edit a widget - Click on the pencil icon to open the [Widget Builder]
- Delete a widget - Click on the trash can icon

> - Add a widget - Click on the dashed outline around a + icon to open the [Widget Builder]

Author: Made modifications to the list under widget level

## Widget Builder

> When you add or edit an existing widget, you’ll be prompted with a form and preview of your widget.

Author: The header of the form changes based on whether if its being added or edited (the CTAs are also Add or Update). Having it be more generic will match the Query Builder we have in Discover as well.

![Widget builder.](dashboard_widget_builder.png)

- Widget Name - The name that would appear at the top of each widget
- Visualization Display - A selection between 6 different visualization types
- Query - The search parameters that define what you are investigating. Add additional queries to compare projects, organizations, releases, etc. Each query will have a legend alias you can name to view more easily in any of the time series charts. For more on how to build a query, check out some of the rules we have for our [Discover Query Builder](/product/discover-queries/query-builder/).

> - Y-Axis - The attribute of the search parameters you want to map out. By default, count() will be selected. Changing this to a duration will change the Y-Axis to milliseconds or seconds. Adding an overlay will add another set of data to compare. For example, to reflect P50, P75 and P90, you’ll require three overlays. If the units conflict, the charts will always base it off the first line.

Author: Changed

## Visualization Types

### Line, Bar, and Area Charts

![Time series widgets.](dashboard_widgets.png)

These visualizations allow you to plot one or more aggregate functions as

> a time series. Each chart type allows you to solve different problems:

Author: Changed

> - Line charts are a general-purpose visualization. Try to make the Y-Axis units match if you add multiple overlays. Otherwise, mixing count with duration will not yield useful results.

Author: Changed
